docs(forms): adding forms strategy to washing machine workflow (#6584)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: CONTRIBUTOR-DOCS/03_project-planning/02_workstreams/02_2nd-gen-component-migration/02_step-by-step/01_washing-machine-workflow.md

- The URL links to the component docs section that describes the new API.
- `level: 'deprecation'` sorts the warning under the deprecation channel and lets consumers silence the whole class via `window.__swc.ignoreWarningLevels.deprecation = true`.

### Form participation (form fields only)

> Applies when the component is a **form field** (text field, checkbox, radio, picker, combobox, and similar). Skip this for non-form components.

Reviewer: I'm curious if the "and similar" could lead to any bleeding or side effects

2nd-gen form fields participate in forms through the **ElementInternals / form-associated custom element (FACE)** API rather than a nested light-DOM `<input>`. Before writing the API, read the approved [forms strategy](../../../05_strategies/forms-strategy-rfc.md) so property, slot, and event names match the shared naming table.

> 1. Set `static formAssociated = true` on the base class and attach internals via `this.attachInternals()`. Mirror value and validity to the internals object (`setFormValue()`, `setValidity()`) instead of managing a hidden input.

Reviewer: Are these instructional details necessary at this level, or should they be wrapped into the RFC?

> 1. Set `static formAssociated = true` on the base class and attach internals via `this.attachInternals()`. Mirror value and validity to the internals object (`setFormValue()`, `setValidity()`) instead of managing a hidden input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set `static formAssociated = true` on the base class and attach internals via `this.attachInternals()`. Mirror value to the internals object (`setFormValue()`) instead of managing a hidden input. Validity reporting (`setValidity()`) is not yet available on the shared controller — see the forms strategy's open questions before hand-rolling it per component.
```

2. Name the public API from the forms strategy [naming table](../../../05_strategies/forms-strategy-rfc.md#4-naming-table): the value property, the label, help-text, and error-text surfaces, and the validation state property. Do not invent per-component names; align text-like fields and pickers to the same table.
3. Expose the form lifecycle callbacks the strategy requires (`formResetCallback`, `formDisabledCallback`) on the base class so every field inherits them.

### What to check

- [ ] All relevant 1st-gen props have a 2nd-gen home (base or SWC).
- [ ] Types are in core and used by SWC.
- [ ] Internal helpers are marked `@internal`.
- [ ] Static `readonly` arrays match types; used for validation, Storybook, and tests where applicable.
- [ ] Invalid prop combinations emit `window.__swc.warn()` when debug is on (where the component has combination rules).

> - [ ] **Form fields:** the field is form-associated (`static formAssociated = true`); value and validity flow through `ElementInternals`, not a hidden `<input>`; and property, slot, and event names match the forms strategy naming table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] **Form fields:** the field is form-associated (`static formAssociated = true`); value flows through `ElementInternals` (`setFormValue()`), not a hidden `<input>`; and property, slot, and event names match the forms strategy naming table. (Validity reporting via `setValidity()` is pending — do not block on it.)

```
